Please see [Contribution Guidlines](Contributing.md)
====================================================

Saber
=====

Usage
-----
```bash
bash launch.sh
```
Now go to `arena/logs` to see the logs generated by this game. `json` output is not implemented as it is easy and will anyways have to be completely re-written for the actual game. Refer the wiki for any doubts, specifically [this](wiki/Bots-and-Game-Specs). Open an [issue](https://github.com/arrow-/saber/issues/new) if wiki is not clear or missing information.

Other *(interesting only)* stuff that you can do:
> Test the error-handling capabilities of `quantum.py`
```
python quantum.py < Qtest
```

TODO
----

A gazillion things. One of the most important is `unit-testing` *(@ananth95 do you remember?)*. We need this to ensure we never *break* a working system.

Topics
======

These topics are broadly what we need to worry about. Game has been decided.
**Quantum-tentacle-wars**
> *But we still need a name!*

* Rule specification needs to be ready.
* Please fill in the parts of README which are your responsibility or you have knowledge about.
* Use Sublime Text for editing this `md` document
* The [wiki](wiki) is up and running. Any long explanations must end up there.

Sandboxing and Communication
----------------------------

Sorta solved. It's insecure, and will probably remain so. In that case, we'll have to proof-read the submitted source code.

Game Engine and Resource Manager
--------------------------------

Invokes a round that procures resources from a pool. If a simple count of **threads-in-use** and **total-mem-used** is enough to avoid exceeding resource use (this can happen at peak time when `N` users need to run their game).

Sample Bots
-----------

Map Creation
------------

Leaderboards
------------

ELO rating system: [*wiki*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system), [*epic blog on rating systems*](http://www.moserware.com/2010/03/computing-your-skill.html)

Automated Rounds
----------------

Website (frontend)
------------------

###Javascript game

###Management

Registration, submissions, user tracking